Authors: Jaylen, Justin, Tyler, Yu
Lifecycle for Software Engineering:
  Requirements: (The building and gathering of information and data to create a requirement document)
    1. The questioning of the client to get clear understanding of the created product
    2. What the customer wants
    3. What constraints are in place
    4. What the product needs to do
    5. How should the product be implemented
    6. Post condition is the requirements document
    7. First phase where customer defines What the system needs to do in order to add value to the business (From the Quiz)

  Design: (Using the requirements to build a high level framework of the product)
    1. Converts the What of Requirements into the How of the solution (From the Quiz)
    2. What is the end state of the solution given by the client
    3. Creating high level charts that detail how the solution should look
    4. Shows exactly how we will complete the requirements
    5. How the product should be made
    6. The function and skills needed in the solution

  Implementation: (Building product from design)
    1. Realization of the defined Design resulting in a working solution (From the Quiz)
    2. Updating design when/if needed
    3. Can contain self-documenting code
    4. Building scripts/code

  Test: (After implementation, ensure project meets every requirement and is functional)
    1. Demonstrates the solution meets the defined Requirements (from the Quiz)
    2. Series of events used to ensure systematically that product is functional
    3. Test cases are captured into 1 or more test documents
    4. If multiple systems are involved, each system will likely have its own test document
    5. Attempting to find any bugs that cause the solution to not work the way it was designed
    6. Often have a traceability matrix
    7. Testing documentation per layer
    8. Checking security of the product
    9. Testing edge cases

  Release: (Deploy the solution into production)
    1. Formal process to make the solution available to targeted users (From the Quiz)
    2. Can include scripts to perform the actual release into production environment
    3. Can also include roll back script if the release fails
    4. Can include scripts to handle upgrading current environment

  Support/Maintenance: (Bugfixes. Provides patches but not new features. Ensures product remains in working order)
    1. Phase where bug fixes and minor changes are released as Patches to the production environment (From the Quiz)
    2. Important to keep product working and secure in the future
    3. Deploying patches to maintain the solution by fixing bugs
    4. When bug fixes are made to a production release, they are accompanied by original release docs

  Upgrade/Update: (Making improvements to the product with new hardware and functions)
    1. Minor version increments to the the production environment to introduce new features and/or changes to existing features, may include bug fixes (From the Quiz)
